What is HTTP?
it's the protocols or ways of communication for the web. it is the way the browsers and servers communicate - http is the non secure version where as https is the secure version. 

What is a URL?
it's a combination of all the various compnonents needed for the server to return the correct IP address. 

What is DNS?
it's the system that stores and converts the URLs into IP addresses to reach the site you requested

What is a query string?
it is the additional variables that are contain extra info such as search terms, form information and others.

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
GET is a way to retrieve some data off of a server using a URL or search form
POST is sending informatino to the server and can change the data that is stored there.

What is an HTTP request?
when you are trying to get a specific website from the server using GET, can have additional information in headers

What is an HTTP response?
it's information from the server that follows a certain protocol

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple of examples of request and response headers you have seen.
a header is additional information provided for specific requests or response. Some types for requests are cookies, cahce control, and Accept. For responses the headers can be content-type, dates/times of the last time the page was modified

What are the processes that happen when you type "http://somesite.com/some/page.html" into a browser?
reaching the http protocol, port type being 80 due to it being an http, checking server for somesite.com and turning it into a unique ip address using DNS, checking the resource of /some/page.html and verifying it, converting that page to HTML and what ever other resources that may be included(css, js, etc)

Part 2

using curl, make GET request to the icanhazdadjoke.com API to find all jokes inlvolving the word "pirate"
curl -v https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search?term=pirate

use dig to find what the IP address is for icanhazdadjoke.com

icanhazdadjoke.com.	256	IN	A	104.21.66.15
icanhazdadjoke.com.	256	IN	A	172.67.198.173

Make a simple web page and serve it using python3 -m httpserver. Visit the page in a browser.

Part 3
